README.md, before:

### EKS CLI wrapper

#### Synopsis

```shell
$ ./cluster.sh -h
Usage: ./cluster.sh { -h help | -c create a cluster | -d dry run | -D delete a cluster | -a add node group to existing cluster | -r remove node group from existing cluster | -g get kubeconfig command | -s show cluster and cluster nodegroups }
```

This tool is meant to aid Support/SEs in creating and deleting (VERY simple) EKS clusters for testing purposes. Most flags are left to the defaults as of this release.

If you wish to add additional configuration options (cf. `eksctl -h`, or `eksctl create cluster -h` for further 
information), you may pass a `-d` (dry run) flag to the script to dump the command to `stdout` for further 
modification or review.
```shell
$ ./cluster.sh -d
Cluster name (optional): brandon-test
Your name (for tagging purposes, defaults to `Support`): Brandon
Override K8s version (defaults to 1.18): 
WARNING: Defaulting to 1.18
Cluster region (default `us-east-2`): 
WARNING: Defaulting to us-east-2
Min number of worker nodes (default is 2): 
WARNING: Defaulting to 2
Max number of worker nodes (default is 2 + 1 = 3): 
WARNING: Defaulting to 3
Instance size (default is `t3.medium`): 
WARNING: Defaulting to t3.medium
Instance volume size (default 80 (GB)): 
WARNING: Defaulting to 80
Nodegroup name (default `test`, no duplicates): 
WARNING: Defaulting to test
Nodegroup labels (default `env=test`; must be in format key1=val1,key2=val2): env=test,agent=2-3-1

Dry run output:

eksctl create cluster --name brandon-test --tags "Owner=Brandon" --region us-east-2 --version 1.18 --timeout "60m0s" --nodegroup-name test --node-type t3.medium --nodes-min 2 --nodes-max 3 --node-volume-size 80 --node-labels "env=test,agent=2-3-1" --full-ecr-access --asg-access --alb-ingress-access --auto-kubeconfig

```

#### Prerequisites

This script is intended to be executed with `bash` and requires `ossp-uuid` (Mac, or `uuid` on Linux), a working `eksctl` installation (>= v0.31.0), and the AWS CLI. Refer to the [AWS
docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eksctl.html) to install the latter utilities.

#### Examples

Because output can be rather extensive, I've opted to link to various examples ~

* [Creating a cluster](examples/create_cluster.md)
* [Adding a nodegroup](examples/add_nodegroup.md)
* [Deploying an application](examples/deploy_application.md)
* [Removing a nodegroup](examples/remove_nodegroup.md)
* [Deleting a cluster](examples/delete_cluster.md)

#### Updates

See the [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for fixes and updates by version.

Commit message:

Add warning about acceptible input characters

README.md, after:

### EKS CLI wrapper

#### Synopsis

```shell
$ ./cluster.sh -h
Usage: ./cluster.sh { -h help | -c create a cluster | -d dry run | -D delete a cluster | -a add node group to existing cluster | -r remove node group from existing cluster | -g get kubeconfig command | -s show cluster and cluster nodegroups }
```

This tool is meant to aid Support/SEs in creating and deleting (VERY simple) EKS clusters for testing purposes. Most flags are left to the defaults as of this release.

> **WARNING:** do not put spaces, underscores (`_`) or periods (`.`) in any of these input fields (dashes `-` are okay, however). Chances are, it will end up costing you a lot of time before `eksctl` errors out.

If you wish to add additional configuration options (cf. `eksctl -h`, or `eksctl create cluster -h` for further 
information), you may pass a `-d` (dry run) flag to the script to dump the command to `stdout` for further 
modification or review.
```shell
$ ./cluster.sh -d
Cluster name (optional): brandon-test
Your name (for tagging purposes, defaults to `Support`): Brandon
Override K8s version (defaults to 1.18): 
WARNING: Defaulting to 1.18
Cluster region (default `us-east-2`): 
WARNING: Defaulting to us-east-2
Min number of worker nodes (default is 2): 
WARNING: Defaulting to 2
Max number of worker nodes (default is 2 + 1 = 3): 
WARNING: Defaulting to 3
Instance size (default is `t3.medium`): 
WARNING: Defaulting to t3.medium
Instance volume size (default 80 (GB)): 
WARNING: Defaulting to 80
Nodegroup name (default `test`, no duplicates): 
WARNING: Defaulting to test
Nodegroup labels (default `env=test`; must be in format key1=val1,key2=val2): env=test,agent=2-3-1

Dry run output:

eksctl create cluster --name brandon-test --tags "Owner=Brandon" --region us-east-2 --version 1.18 --timeout "60m0s" --nodegroup-name test --node-type t3.medium --nodes-min 2 --nodes-max 3 --node-volume-size 80 --node-labels "env=test,agent=2-3-1" --full-ecr-access --asg-access --alb-ingress-access --auto-kubeconfig

```

#### Prerequisites

This script is intended to be executed with `bash` and requires `ossp-uuid` (Mac, or `uuid` on Linux), a working `eksctl` installation (>= v0.31.0), and the AWS CLI. Refer to the [AWS
docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eksctl.html) to install the latter utilities.

#### Examples

Because output can be rather extensive, I've opted to link to various examples to take you through a cluster's lifecycle ~

* [Creating a cluster](examples/create_cluster.md)
* [Adding a nodegroup](examples/add_nodegroup.md)
* [Deploying an application](examples/deploy_application.md)
* [Removing a nodegroup](examples/remove_nodegroup.md)
* [Deleting a cluster](examples/delete_cluster.md)

#### Updates

See the [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for fixes and updates by version.
